Removing `hamiltonian_grad` (#7302)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * The `qml.gradients.hamiltonian_grad` function has been removed because this gradient recipe is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``qml.gradients.hamiltonian_grad`` function has been removed because this gradient recipe is no
```

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * The `qml.gradients.hamiltonian_grad` function has been removed.
>   This gradient recipe is not required with the new operator arithmetic system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `qml.gradients.hamiltonian_grad` function has been removed because this gradient recipe is no
  longer required with the :doc:`new operator arithmetic system </news/new_opmath>`.
```

  - Deprecated in v0.41
  - Removed in v0.42

>   

Author: ```suggestion
```
